# Who wants to be a Script-ioner?
'__Who wants to be a Script-ioner?__' is a simple multiplayer web-based application build with TypeScript, JavaScript, Node.js, ExpressJS, Angular and MySQL. The main goal is to answer several questions correctly. When the application fires the user must enter an Username. After that a message appears on the screen that tells the user to wait for someone else to join the game. When that happens, the game starts. The goal is to answer 10 questions for 2 minutes and 30 seconds. Every correct answers gives the user 100 point, the wrong answer does not give any points. After the first one finished a message appears that shows the earned points. The left time is added to the final points so that means the user have to answer ASAP. When both player finish with the game, a Result page appears and shows who is the winner. Both of them gets different message(whether they won or lost the game). A new feature that has been included in the following version is that the player can see the questions with the correct answers and his own answers after the game by pressing "Show correct answers" button.

# Requirements
* Web Server (such as [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/))
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* MySQL Database Server

# Installation
Go ahead and download the files or clone the repository. The first thing you need to do is to run the MySQL dump file on your MySQL server. The file is located in the root directory. Neither the server nor the client have `node_modules` so after that you need to run `npm install` in both server and client. After doing this the `node_modules` folders should appear. Then you need to type your hostname, username and password of your Database server (located in `server\js\.env`). To run the application you need to fire the server from the `server\js` folder by running `node server.js` command. The you need to run the web server and if everything is okay, the web server should connect to the application server. Once it does the game starts and the first question appears.